feat(rfs): add datasource to get the list of RFS private hooks (#9396)
huaweicloud/terraform-provider-huaweicloud: docs/data-sources/rfs_private_hooks.md

---
subcategory: "Resource Formation (RFS)"
layout: "huaweicloud"
page_title: "HuaweiCloud: huaweicloud_rfs_private_hooks"
description: |-

>   Use this data source to get the list of RFS private hooks.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  Use this data source to list all private hooks of the current account (domain) at the current region.
```

Author: The Terraform Provider defaults to querying the current account and region, so there is no need to explain this in every document.

---

# huaweicloud_rfs_private_hooks

> Use this data source to get the list of RFS private hooks.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Use this data source to list all private hooks of the current account (domain) at the current region.
```

Author: The Terraform Provider defaults to querying the current account and region, so there is no need to explain this in every document.
